README.md, before:

# for writing a markdown text, read these numbers carefully :)

## Section 1) Italics and Bolds ...
1. for plain text, wrap with nothing: <br/>
ex. a plain text
2. for italic text, wrap with asterix (*): <br/>
ex. *an italic text*
3. for bold text, wrap with double_asterix (**): <br/>
ex. **a bold text**
4. for bold and italic text, wrap with triple_asterix (***): <br/>
ex. ***a bold and italic text***
## Section 2) Headers ...
5. for header one text, preface with hash mark (#): <br/>
# ex. a header one text
6. for header two text, preface with two hash marks (##): <br/>
## ex. a header two text
7. for header three text, preface with three hash marks (###): <br/>
### ex. a header three text
8. for header four text, preface with four hash marks (####): <br/>
#### ex. a header four text
9. for header five text, preface with five hash marks (#####): <br/>
##### ex. a header five text
10. for header six text, preface with six hash marks (######): <br/>
###### ex. a header six text
11. for an italic text in a header one to six text, wrap the italic text with asterix (*): <br/>
### ex. a header *three* text
## Section 3) Links ...
12. for inline link, wrap the caption in brackets [ ] and the link in paranthesis ( ) adjacently: <br/>
ex. [*THE* **AWESOME** ***Reference*** :)](https://www.markdowntutorial.com)
13. for reference links, wrap the caption and the reference tag in brackets [ ] adjacently. Add another line (even at the end of document!), wrap the reference tag in brackets [ ], and add a colon (:) and the link in the following:<br/>
ex. [*THE* **AWESOME** ***Reference*** :)][md_tutorial] and [AWESOME GOOGLE][google].

    [md_tutorial]: https://www.markdowntutorial.com
    [google]: https://www.google.com
## Section 4) Images ... 
14.

Commit message:

add images and blockquotes sections

README.md, after:

# for writing a markdown text, read these numbers carefully :)

## Section 1) Italics and Bolds ...
1. for plain text, wrap with nothing: <br/>
ex. a plain text
2. for italic text, wrap with asterix (*): <br/>
ex. *an italic text*
3. for bold text, wrap with double_asterix (**): <br/>
ex. **a bold text**
4. for bold and italic text, wrap with triple_asterix (***): <br/>
ex. ***a bold and italic text***
## Section 2) Headers ...
5. for header one text, preface with hash mark (#): <br/>
# ex. a header one text
6. for header two text, preface with two hash marks (##): <br/>
## ex. a header two text
7. for header three text, preface with three hash marks (###): <br/>
### ex. a header three text
8. for header four text, preface with four hash marks (####): <br/>
#### ex. a header four text
9. for header five text, preface with five hash marks (#####): <br/>
##### ex. a header five text
10. for header six text, preface with six hash marks (######): <br/>
###### ex. a header six text
11. for an italic text in a header one to six text, wrap the italic text with asterix (*): <br/>
### ex. a header *three* text
## Section 3) Links ...
12. for inline link, wrap the caption in brackets [ ] and the link in paranthesis ( ) adjacently: <br/>
ex. [*THE* **AWESOME** ***Reference*** :)](https://www.markdowntutorial.com)
13. for reference links, wrap the caption and the reference tag in brackets [ ] adjacently. Add another line (even at the end of document!), wrap the reference tag in brackets [ ], and add a colon (:) and the link in the following:<br/>
ex. [*THE* **AWESOME** ***Reference*** :)][md_tutorial] and [AWESOME GOOGLE][google].

    [md_tutorial]: https://www.markdowntutorial.com
    [google]: https://www.google.com
## Section 4) Images ... 
14. for an image, use inline link or reference link and preface it with an exclamation point (!):<br/>
ex. ![Benjamin Bannekat](https://octodex.github.com/images/bannekat.png)
## Section 5) Blockquotes ...
15. for a blockquote, preface the line with greater than caret (>):<br/>
> ex. a blockquote.
> 
> it can contain other Markdown elements like *italic*, **bold**, ***etc***.
